resources/articles.md, before:

# Articles

### JavaScript

- [ ] [JavaScript Modules for Beginners (ru)](http://webtackles.ru/javascript/js-modules-beginners-guide/)

### MongoDB

- [ ] [An Introduction To Node.js And MongoDB](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2014/05/detailed-introduction-nodejs-mongodb/)

### PostCSS

- [ ] [So you want to make a PostCSS plugin](https://css-tricks.com/want-make-postcss-plugin/)
- [ ] [Improving the Quality of Your CSS with PostCSS](http://www.sitepoint.com/improving-the-quality-of-your-css-with-postcss/)

### React.js

- [ ] [React Stateless Functional Components: Nine Wins You Might Have Overlooked](https://medium.com/@housecor/react-stateless-functional-components-nine-wins-you-might-have-overlooked-997b0d933dbc#.irdmtvjz4)

### Server

- [ ] [Setting up An Accessibility Dashboard from Scratch with Pa11y on DigitialOcean](http://una.im/pa11y-dash/)

### SVG

- [ ] [Making the Switch Away from Icon Fonts to SVG: Converting Font Icons to SVG](https://sarasoueidan.com/blog/icon-fonts-to-svg/)

### Testing

- [ ] [Travis-CI: What, Why, How](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/travis-ci-what-why-how--net-34771)

Commit message:

Add some React.js resources

resources/articles.md, after:

# Articles

### JavaScript

- [ ] [JavaScript Modules for Beginners (ru)](http://webtackles.ru/javascript/js-modules-beginners-guide/)
- [ ] [A Quick Tour Of ES6 (Or, The Bits You’ll Actually Use)](http://jamesknelson.com/es6-the-bits-youll-actually-use/)

### MongoDB

- [ ] [An Introduction To Node.js And MongoDB](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2014/05/detailed-introduction-nodejs-mongodb/)

### PostCSS

- [ ] [So you want to make a PostCSS plugin](https://css-tricks.com/want-make-postcss-plugin/)
- [ ] [Improving the Quality of Your CSS with PostCSS](http://www.sitepoint.com/improving-the-quality-of-your-css-with-postcss/)

### React.js

- [ ] [React Stateless Functional Components: Nine Wins You Might Have Overlooked](https://medium.com/@housecor/react-stateless-functional-components-nine-wins-you-might-have-overlooked-997b0d933dbc#.irdmtvjz4)
- [ ] [Thinking in React](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/thinking-in-react.html)
- [ ] [React.JS for Stupid People](http://blog.andrewray.me/reactjs-for-stupid-people/)

### Server

- [ ] [Setting up An Accessibility Dashboard from Scratch with Pa11y on DigitialOcean](http://una.im/pa11y-dash/)

### SVG

- [ ] [Making the Switch Away from Icon Fonts to SVG: Converting Font Icons to SVG](https://sarasoueidan.com/blog/icon-fonts-to-svg/)

### Testing

- [ ] [Travis-CI: What, Why, How](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/travis-ci-what-why-how--net-34771)
